Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even
when you take Hofstadter's Law into account.

It is bad luck to be superstitious.

Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.

A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.

There are two types of dirt: The dark kind, which is attracted 
to light objects, and the light kind, which is attracted to dark
objects.

The shortest distance between two points is under construction.

Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a
larger object.

Ink: A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic,
and water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and
promote intellectual crime.

Kleptomaniac: A rich thief.

Labor: One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.

Mad: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence...

Misfortune: The kind of fortune that never misses.

Monday: In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.

Magpie:  A bird whose thievish disposition suggested to someone
that it might be taught to talk.

Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
        -- H. L. Mencken

Peace:  In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
periods of fighting.

Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on
society.
        -- Mark Twain

ny collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes
it worse.

Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term.
Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.

When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the bathroom.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.

Any given program costs more and takes longer.

If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.

The bigger the mouth, the easier for the dentist...

Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
the programmer who must maintain it.

Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
want to use it.

It works better if you plug it in.

Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.

The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.

Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.
Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.

Everybody should believe in something -- I believe I'll have another
drink.

